from Moravia into Slovak terri-
tory, thence into Hungary and
right across Hungary to the
frontiers of friendly Yugoslavia.
Thanks to the innate organising
abilities of the Czechs, a complete
chain of relay bases was estab-
lished where individuals and
groups were given food and sent
on the rest of their journey. The
crucial stretches of the journey,
however, the crossings from one
country to another, remained to
the end a question of individual
courage and good luck. On the
frontiers of Slovakia German
patrols opened fire. On the
frontiers of Hungary and through-
out the country there were
guards on the watch who marched
the Czechs off to prison by the
dozen, and from imprisonment
the way usually led back to the
Slovak frontier. If they were not
59