1939, upon German orders,
issued a decree to the following
effect:
The Government, as well
as the Reich Protector, is
interested in the peaceful
and undisturbed develop-
ment of economic life, and
particularly in the main-
tenance of industrial peace.
... There have been recent-
ly in a number of localities
wage movements which
threaten the undisturbed
course of wage develop-
ment. For this reason the
Protectorate Government,
jointly with the Reich Pro-
tector, has decided, for the
purpose of securing econo-
mic and industrial peace, to
prohibit as from to-day all
strikes and lockouts in the
territory of the Protectorate."