are now administered by com-
missioners appointed by the
Germans everywhere. As in-
surance benefits have been in-
creasingly restricted and are now
practically of no consequence,
while the premiums have been
steadily increased, the reserves—
in view of the vast number of
people in employment—must
have grown to thousands of mil-
lions of crowns. Unfortunately,
however, this is so only on paper,
for the social insurance reserves
constitute a favourite source of
finance for the German war-
machine. In conjunction with a
fraudulent clearing system, the
German invaders are not only
exploiting Czech labour power,
but also making the Czechs pay
for their criminal war by in-
curring vast debts and plunder-
ing all the financial reserves.
59