British Government at the in-
stigation of Dr. Benes did every-
thing at his time to give aid to
the Czechoslovak Army, in so far
as possible. On 18th June, it was
decided that the Czechoslovak
airmen should be incorporated in
the Royal Air Force and that they
should be evacuated from France
with British help. This was, in
fact, successfully accomplished.
At the same time the British
Government provided shipping
for the evacuation of the Czecho-
slovak infantry units and civilian
The collapse of
refugees.
France, the vast transport diffi-
culties, the lack of any military
or civil authority in the days
when the armistice was being
negotiated, as well as afterwards
all this made the evacuation of
the Czechoslovak division from
France a much more difficult