legions won the friendship of the
small Red Army when together
with them they scored the de-
cisive victory over the German
army of occupation at Bakhmach
in the Ukraine. It seemed that
the transport through Siberia to
Vladivostok would go off smooth-
ly, as the Czechoslovaks had
reaffirmed their strictly neutral
attitude to Russian internal
affairs. However, in the con-
fusion of the revolution, which
was opposed by several armies of
intervention, incidents occurred
which considerably increased the
personal insecurity of the Czecho-
slovak soldiers. When negotia-
tions for their passage through
the country without surrendering
their arms did not lead anywhere,
the Czechoslovak legion decided
to make sure of their march
through Siberia at any cost, even