ing, it grew. And when Masaryk
demanded the right of freedom
for the Czechoslovak nation, he
spoke on behalf of a people whose
sons were already fighting by the
side of the Allied forces on all
three fronts.
After the first victories of the
Czechoslovak troops at Arras in
1915 and on other sectors of the
French front came the famous
battle of Zborov on 2nd July,
1917. The Czechoslovak Brigade
only just formed from minor
detachments scattered over the
entire Eastern front, volunteered
to join the Russian units which,
according to the Allied strategic
plan, were to launch an attack
against the Austro-Hungarian
lines which had been carefully
fortified during the winter. The
Brigade was not yet fully equip-
ped, so it was allotted a subordi-