reduction of the national debt issued an official
intimation that their purchases for the public
service had altogether ceased. The principle
acted upon since that time has been to apply to
the reduction of debt no more than the annual
surplus of the national income above its expen-
diture; and as that surplus, under the present
Ultimate ex- Democratic system, can never be
tinction of the expected to be considerable, Mr.
sinking fund. Pitt's sinking fund may now, to all
practical purposes, be considered as destroyed.*
In the preceding observations, the march of
events has been anticipated by nearly thirty
years, and changes alluded to which will form
the important subject of analysis in the subse-
quent volumes of this, or some other history.
But it is only by attending to the dissolution of
Mr. Pitt's system, and the effects by which that
change has been, and must be attended, that the
incalculable importance of his financial meas-
ures can be appreciated, or the wisdom discern-
ed which, so far as human wisdom could, had